# Battle Skratch

Battle Skratch is a web app for turntablists of all skill levels.

The goal is to promote the art of turntablism and the community of DJs through
monthly friendly and informal video battles. On the second day of each month a
new battle will be randomly generated. Every battles will have a set of
instructions to follow and a specific beat to use. For example the contestants
may be asked to perform a series of particular scratches on a swing beat or a
beat-juggling pattern using an electro loop.

Contestants will be required to record a video for submission following the
specific battle rules. Battle submission will be voted up or down by fellow
contenders with current battle leader updated daily and Grand Champions updated
monthly.

The Battle Skratch app is currently a proof of concept. Current contenders are
invite only. If you would like to demo the app you may assume the persona of DJ
You.

## How It Works

On the 2nd of each month new battle orders are assigned signaling the start of a
new competition. Each battle will last for 30 days. New battle orders are
assigned as soon as the last battle has expired. Battle orders can be found in
the site menu third from the top or fourth from the bottom depending on how you
like to count. The battle order page contains all the necessary information
you'll need to create your video for submission.

Battle orders are broken into three key pieces of information.

* Video length: Videos should not exceed the defined duration
* Battle constraints: this rule defines what technique are available to use in
  your video submission
* Offcial beat: all contestants must use the approved beat.

Once the battle orders have been reviewed and the offcial beat acquired. The
challenge is laid. It's up to you to create a video submission for the current
battle. After your video has been created upload it to your YouTube account.
Then visit the enter battle link from the main menu and submit the embed video
code from YouTube. Detailed instructions provided in app.

## Getting Started

Currently Battle Skratch is an invitational application only. Although a demo
account has been provided for interested parties.

User privileges:

Admin users have enhanced privileges and site access. Admin users can view,
create, edit, & delete all other user profiles and battle categories as well as
all none admin privileges. Non-admin users have privailages to view other
contenders, submitted battle videos, download current battle beat as well as
comment and vote on submitted videos.

Sample user for app testing:

user: you password: password

## Responsive

The app is fully responsive and quickly adapts to all mobile, tablet, and
desktop viewports.

## Built With

* [React]
* [Redux]
* [Javascript]
* [jQuery]
* [HTML5]
* [CSS3]

## Authors

* **Iam Grimus**

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the
[LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Doug Mason
* The Thinkful community
